OKTA-262734: use access token guide: add a note on token renewal (#1671)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-spa/use-the-access-token/index.md

```
On your back-end (the API), make sure that you check for valid tokens in incoming requests. See [Protect your API endpoints](/docs/guides/protect-your-api/).

<StackSelector snippet="getaccesstoken"/> 

> In order to enable access token renewal you must obtain a refresh token. See [Get a refresh token with the code flow](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-refresh-token-with-the-code-flow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable access token renewal you must obtain a refresh token. See [Get a refresh token with the code flow](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-refresh-token-with-the-code-flow).
```

> Note that using refresh token with a SPA is an Early Access feature. To enable it, contact [Support](https://support.okta.com/help/open_case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Using a refresh token with a SPA is an Early Access feature. To enable it, contact [Support](https://support.okta.com/help/open_case).
```

> Alternatively, tokens can be renewed by hitting the `/authorize` endpoint. See [Get a new access token/ID token silently for your SPA ](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-new-access-token-id-token-silently-for-your-spa)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, tokens can be renewed by hitting the `/authorize` endpoint. See [Get a new access token/ID token silently for your SPA ](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-new-access-token-id-token-silently-for-your-spa).
```

<StackSelector snippet="getaccesstoken"/>

> <br/>

Reviewer 2: This shouldn't be necessary.

> In order to enable access token renewal it is required to obtain a refersh token. See [Get a refresh token with the code flow](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-refresh-token-with-the-code-flow).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to enable access token renewal it is required to obtain a refresh token. See [Get a refresh token with the code flow](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-refresh-token-with-the-code-flow).
```

Author: thanks - this got included into one of the suggested changes below

> In order to enable access token renewal it is required to obtain a refersh token. See [Get a refresh token with the code flow](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-refresh-token-with-the-code-flow).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to enable access token renewal you must obtain a refresh token. See [Get a refresh token with the code flow](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-refresh-token-with-the-code-flow).
```

> Note that using refresh token with SPA is an Early Access feature. To enable it, contact [Support](https://support.okta.com/help/open_case).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that using refresh token with a SPA is an Early Access feature. To enable it, contact [Support](https://support.okta.com/help/open_case).
```

> Alternatively, tokens can be renewed by hitting `/authorize` endpoint. See [Get a new access token/ID token silently for your SPA ](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-new-access-token-id-token-silently-for-your-spa)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, tokens can be renewed by hitting the `/authorize` endpoint. See [Get a new access token/ID token silently for your SPA ](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/get-refresh-token/#get-a-new-access-token-id-token-silently-for-your-spa)
```
